README.md, before:

<div align="center">

## Homelab
#### A collection of the services I run on my homelab

[![Debian](https://img.shields.io/badge/Debian-A81D33.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=debian)](https://www.debian.org/)
[![Mint](https://img.shields.io/badge/Mint-87CF3E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=linuxmint)](https://linuxmint.com/)
[![Proxmox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Proxmox-E57000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=proxmox)](https://www.proxmox.com/en/)
[![OpenBSD](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenBSD-d8b62b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=openbsd)](https://www.openbsd.org/plat.html)
[![OPNsense](https://img.shields.io/badge/OPNsense-D94F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=OPNSense)](https://opnsense.org/)
[![Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/windows-0078D6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=windows)](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows)
-
[![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=docker)](https://www.docker.com/)
[![Heimdall](https://img.shields.io/badge/Heimdall-3178C6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=heimdall)](https://github.com/linuxserver/Heimdall)
[![Jellyfin](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jellyfin-00A4DC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=jellyfin)](https://www.jellyfin.com/)
[![Minecraft](https://img.shields.io/badge/Minecraft-62B47A.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=minecraft)](https://www.minecraft.net/en-us/download/server)
[![Nextcloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nextcloud-0082C9.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=nextcloud)](https://www.nextcloud.com/)
[![Parsec](https://img.shields.io/badge/Parsec-f50049.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=parsec)](https://parsec.app/)
[![Pihole](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pi--hole-96060C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=pi-hole)](https://pi-hole.net/)
[![Steam](https://img.shields.io/badge/Steam_link-000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=steam)](https://store.steampowered.com/streaming/)
[![Vaultwarden](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vaultwarden-175DDC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=bitwarden)](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden)
[![Wireguard](https://img.shields.io/badge/Wireguard-88171A.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=wireguard)](https://www.wireguard.com/)
[![Qbittorent](https://img.shields.io/badge/Qbittorent-2496ED.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=qbittorrent)](https://www.qbittorent.com/)

#### Future services
[![Gitea](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gitea-609926.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=gitea)](https://gitea.io/en-us/)
[![Traefik](https://img.shields.io/badge/Traefik-24A1C1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=TraefikProxy)](https://www.traefik.com/)
[![Vulnhub](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vulnhub-ffffff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=vulnhub)](https://www.vulnhub.com/)

</div>

## ⇁  Welcome
This repo will be updated with time don't you worry :)

## ⇁  Graph
Below is a graph of how I want this homelab to eventually look. The technologies at the top of this repo have been implemented. 
The ones that havent will be implemented when my time allows it:

![Diagram](./docs/diagram.png)

Note that thhis is an outdated grap. I need to update it.

Commit message:

Docs: added disclaimer and better welcome message

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

## Homelab
#### A collection of the services I run on my homelab

[![Debian](https://img.shields.io/badge/Debian-A81D33.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=debian)](https://www.debian.org/)
[![Mint](https://img.shields.io/badge/Mint-87CF3E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=linuxmint)](https://linuxmint.com/)
[![Proxmox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Proxmox-E57000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=proxmox)](https://www.proxmox.com/en/)
[![OpenBSD](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenBSD-d8b62b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=openbsd)](https://www.openbsd.org/plat.html)
[![OPNsense](https://img.shields.io/badge/OPNsense-D94F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=OPNSense)](https://opnsense.org/)
[![Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/windows-0078D6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=windows)](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows)
-
[![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=docker)](https://www.docker.com/)
[![Heimdall](https://img.shields.io/badge/Heimdall-3178C6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=heimdall)](https://github.com/linuxserver/Heimdall)
[![Jellyfin](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jellyfin-00A4DC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=jellyfin)](https://www.jellyfin.com/)
[![Minecraft](https://img.shields.io/badge/Minecraft-62B47A.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=minecraft)](https://www.minecraft.net/en-us/download/server)
[![Nextcloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nextcloud-0082C9.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=nextcloud)](https://www.nextcloud.com/)
[![Parsec](https://img.shields.io/badge/Parsec-f50049.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=parsec)](https://parsec.app/)
[![Pihole](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pi--hole-96060C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=pi-hole)](https://pi-hole.net/)
[![Steam](https://img.shields.io/badge/Steam_link-000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=steam)](https://store.steampowered.com/streaming/)
[![Vaultwarden](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vaultwarden-175DDC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=bitwarden)](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden)
[![Wireguard](https://img.shields.io/badge/Wireguard-88171A.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=wireguard)](https://www.wireguard.com/)
[![Qbittorent](https://img.shields.io/badge/Qbittorent-2496ED.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=qbittorrent)](https://www.qbittorent.com/)

#### Future services
[![Gitea](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gitea-609926.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=gitea)](https://gitea.io/en-us/)
[![Traefik](https://img.shields.io/badge/Traefik-24A1C1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=TraefikProxy)](https://www.traefik.com/)
[![Vulnhub](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vulnhub-ffffff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&logo=vulnhub)](https://www.vulnhub.com/)

</div>
## ⇁  Disclaimer
Please note that although I use a torrent client on my server I do not pirate movies, games, or any other media. I simply have a shared directory that I use to manage and seed linux ISOs for my Deffy server. I have a goal of eventually creating my own Linux distribution to help the ease of use for non-technical people so I want to have an easy way to manage multiple linux distributions for this goal. To learn more about this goal look at my future project [Arizona](https://github.com/21st-centuryman/arizona).

## ⇁  Welcome
This is a collection of the tools and services I use for my setup in my apartment. This is nothing crazy to me, but I was recommended by a colleague to set this up to illustrate my abilities around networks. I have everything set up in a docker compose file. I have yet to mess with kuberneties, but I might if I get a backup server. Once I stop being a broke college student.

## ⇁  Graph
Below is a graph of how I want this homelab to eventually look. The technologies at the top of this repo have been implemented. 
The ones that havent will be implemented when my time allows it:

![Diagram](./docs/diagram.png)

Note that thhis is an outdated graph. I need to update it.
